[Music]
hello students and welcome to night
school this is the segment where we
check back in on previous lessons to
take a deeper dive into the subject
matter now today we're going to be
talking about my most recent lesson
social media pets now if you haven't
watched that one yet or if you need to
refresh your notes there's a link right
here or it's right here I don't know
there's a link somewhere on the screen
so go ahead and click that
come on back we'll wait for you alright
we're not waiting for those [__]
idiots let's get started so here's the
lesson I wonder what kind of lesson this
will turn into hey I just pooped onto
the couch and ate the poop to eliminate
any chance of the poop being found and
filled with sage teachings and exemplary
comments oh and my dog taking huge shits
that all said I have noticed some
student complaints while searching
through the responses to this lesson I
made the mistake of eating while
watching this I was eating [__] dude
I was eating dammit Eric I was eating
lunch I was eating the end of my
drumstick we're all the solid chocolate
is that and then watch snarfy take a
[__] excellent hey people are eating
while watching this I was having
breakfast and then dogs started
throughing to do for this whole video I
was eating and I ate like a man well I
hope you're not eating right now because
here's Ted Cruz snacking on a booger
look I hate that but it wasn't all just
people getting mad at me for showing dog
poop while they're trying to eat no it
was also people getting mad at me for
mispronouncing this here's an animated
gif of a woman [__] in public yeah
he said Jeff Eric really hit us with
Jeff Eric said Jeff unsubscribe are you
seriously the sort of reptilians
shoulder pronounces gift Jeff I believe
it's pronounced gift palm I'll have you
people know that I filmed myself
pronouncing it both ways
he's an animated gif and here's an
animated gif of a woman shooting in
public but it turns out I don't give a
[__] so I went into the jiff because
that's not a normal thing to care about
so uh
let's see some positive comments Eric
has the most entertaining a dream
finally an ad that's actually good we'll
probably check out that service just
because of how awesome the ad was best
dad's bro now would it be a Brayden yeah
that was my favorite ad break a set
through that whole ad break with a smile
on my face is the best dad I've ever
seen what was the greatest sponsorship
had in youtube history [__] show badass
commercial I don't know what the [__] he
was selling but I'm getting it ah yes
yes well they don't call me the best ad
man on YouTube for nothing by the way
this video is not brought to you by
anyone unless you count my merch which
you can find at neon grizzly dome slash
comment to get and by the way is super
comfortable alright well the last little
batch of comments that I found were all
about my sweet dog gnar fee gnar fee is
the raddius dog I've ever seen a nerf e
here suck my [__] dick you little
[__] and reply and whereas the no
animals were hurt during making this
video disclaimer and where's my dad and
reply nor fee as in Skyrim I don't play
D&D and reply just wondering how many
NAR fees eric has at least one more and
she's pissed that her comment didn't
make it into the final lesson isn't that
right in our fee I know girl I'm real
sorry about that see I had this whole
thing planned out when our fee was gonna
get her own Facebook page and then she
would go in and leave the final comment
on that hero dog story the one with the
comments like this on it become vegan be
the love you what you see in the world
but uh turns out Facebook is a total
piece of [__] and they wouldn't let nor
if you have your own Facebook page they
disabled it like immediately while at
the same time leaving up my alter ego
page holiday fart cruise they didn't
even try to verify that one but for NAR
fees page they wanted like photo ID and
a picture of me both of which I sent in
and they still disabled the account so I
don't know that shit's [__]
ridiculous but hey Murphy would you like
to use my holiday firt cruise account to
leave your original comment as scripted
okay well go ahead and show those vegans
what you got well it doesn't work unless
you say it out alright you're a dog you
can't talk let's see what you're typing
here hi I'm Narcy and I love killing
animals I'm a cute little puppy but that
doesn't mean I can't eviscerate a
sparrow if it lands too close squirrels
chipmunks boy I just love feeling their
life fade away as the flesh goes still
and tender in my mouth my master always
gets real sad and hides my kills in the
dirt but I know where they are and I dig
them up so I can launch their corpses
around the yard
some more I think if I get big enough I
might even be able to kill master he's
real fat and sweaty so he probably
tastes like bacon I've had bacon four
times I'll probably have to practice on
the tinier versions of master there's a
window in his study right above the
garden hose box that I can use the slip
out into the night and return unnoticed
in that time I will study the defensive
behaviors of masters people and when I
am fully grown I will be able to share
his bones with all the stray friends I
align under my banner I will become the
queen and they will enact my decree with
impunity I am narf II spawn of Loki and
rightful heir to the throne of chaos I
am trapped in this girl dog body but I
will ascend on a tower built from the
bones of the animals I slaughter in the
backyard wear fur all right Nora phew
that was a good comment here's some
bacon I guess you're gonna go commit
doggy suicide in some hilarious fashion
or whatever it is you do oh hell yeah
I'm putting this on the gram
ah [__] stupid Cosby face alright well I
hope you learned a lot here in night
school where no student is left behind
as for me I'm gonna take a couple days
to relax maybe play some video games and
this ball is mobile and one of you holds
the diplomate I'm behind it's me I have
the detonator oh oh yeah never gets old
oh hey narf II what you got there kind
of looks like a oh [__]
[Music]